Feature/updates (#400)
infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs: blocks/init/src/Blocks/custom/carousel/docs/readme.mdx

## Note

We used image block as a inner child but you can use anything you like. If you want to also add image block please check the image block readme.

## Important

We don't provide the library used for carousel block it is up to you to implement any library you want to use in your project.

> How ever we prefere to use Swiper as our carousel of choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we prefer to use Swiper as our carousel of choice.
```

To install swiper run this command in your project:
```shell

> npm audit fix

Reviewer 2: Wrong copy paste? 😄

Author: jap :D

Author: fixed
